1~e~You ONLY want to manage Applications and Data. Which type of Cloud Computing model should you use? A. On-premises B. Infrastructure as a Service (laaS) C. Software as a Service (SaaS) D. Platform as a Service (PaaS)
2~e~What is the pricing model of Cloud Computing? A. Discounts over time B. Pay-as-you-go pricing C. Pay once a year D. Flat-rate pricing
3~e~Which Global Infrastructure identity is composed of one or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity, and are used to deploy infrastructure? A. Edge Locations B. Availability Zones C. Regions
4~e~Which of the following is NOT one of the Five Characteristics of Cloud Computing? A. Rapid elasticity and scalability B. Multi-tenancy and resource pooling C. Dedicated Support Agent to help you deploy applications D. On-demand self service
5~e~Which are the 3 pricing fundamentals of the AWS Cloud? A. Compute, Storage, and Data transfer in the AWS Cloud B. Compute, Networking, and Data transfer out of the AWS Cloud C. Compute, Storage, and Data transfer out of the AWS Cloud D. Storage, Functions, and Data transfer in the AWS Cloud
6~e~Which of the following is NOT an advantage of Cloud Computing? A. Trade capital expense (CAPEX) for operational expense (OPEX) B. Train your employees less C. Go global in minutes D. Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers
7~e~What is NOT authorized to do on AWS according to the AWS Acceptable Use Policy? A. Building a gaming application B. Deploying a website C. Fun analytics on stolen content D. Backup your data
8~e~AWS Regions are composed of? A. Two or more Edge Locations B. One or more discrete data centers C. Two or more Availability Zones
9~e~Which of the following services has a global scope? A. Ec2 B. Iam C. Lambda D. Rekognition
10~e~Which of the following is the definition of Cloud Computing? A. Rapidly develop, test and launch software applications B. Automatic and quick ability to acquire resources as you need them and release resources when you no longer need them C. On-demand availabilty of computer system resources, especially data storage (cloud storage) and computing power, without direct active management by the user D. Change resource types when needed
11~e~What defines the distribution of responsibilities for security in the AWS Cloud? A. AWS Pricing Fundamentals B. The Shared Responsibility Model C. AWS Acceptable Use Policy D. The AWS Management Console
12~e~A company would like to benefit from the advantages of the Public Cloud but would like to keep sensitive assets in its own infrastructure. Which deployment model should the company use? A. Private Cloud B. Public Cloud C. Hybrid Cloud
-- 1 --
13~e~A cloud solutions architect needs to execute urgent mission-critical tasks on the AWS Management console but has Left his Windows-based machine at home. What would be the most secure option to administer these tasks on the cloud infrastructure, given that only Non-Graphical User Interface (non-GU)), Linux-based machines are currently available? A. Share the AWS Management Console credentials with the person at home over the phone to execute the tasks on his behalf B. Use third-party remote desktop software to access the Windows-based machine at home from the non-GUI workstations and administer the required tasks C. Use Secure Shell (SSH) to securely connect to the Windows-based machine from one of the non-GUI Linux-based machines and log onto the AWS Management console D. Install and run AWS CLI on one of the non-GUI Linux-based machines, in a shell environment such as bash. The cloud solutions architect will be able to access ALL services just as they can also be accessed from a Windows-based machine.
14~m~Which of the following statements best describe the AWS Personal Health Dashboard? (Select Two) A. Aconcise representation of the general status of AWS services B. User-specific view on the availability and performance of AWS services, underlying their AWS resources. C. Aservice that prompts the user with alerts and notifications on AWS scheduled activities, pending issues, and planned changes. D. Aminute-by-minute update of system outages and service errors on the AWS global infrastructure E. Arolling log of all service interruptions across the AWS network and records of incidents persistent for ayear
15~m~Your organization is planning to migrate to AWS but the management is concerned about the cost and initial investment needed. Which of the following features of AWS pricing would help your firm to lower the initial investment required for the AWS migration? (Select 3 Options) A. The ability to choose the lowest cost vendor B. The ability to pay as you go C. No upfront costs D. Discounts on upfront payments.
16~m~A startup company that works on the development of social media apps, would like to grant freelance developers temporary access to its Lambda functions setup on AWS. These developers would be signing-in via Facebook authentication. Which service is the most appropriate to grant secure access? A. Create user credentials using Identity Access Management (IAM) B. Use Amazon Cognito for web-identity federation C. Create temporary access roles using IAM D. Use a third-party Web ID, federated access provider
17~m~During an organization's information systems audit, the administrator is requested to provide a dossier of security and compliance reports as well as online service agreements that exist between the organization and AWS. Which service can they utilize to acquire this information? A. AWS Artifact B. AWs Resource Center C. AWS Service Catalog D. AWS Directory Service
18~m~An administrator is looking to run their cloud infrastructure along best practice guidelines by leveraging on Amazon Inspector and AWS Trusted Advisor services Which of the following statements correctly describe how this can be done? (Select TWO) A. Running Amazon Inspector service to probe and protect cloud infrastructure from threats regularly B. Adhering to recommendations given in the main pillars of AWS Trusted Advisor, which are cost optimization, security, performance, fault-tolerance and service limits C. Regularly running Amazon Inspector service on EC2 instances to get a concise list of security vulnerabilities and exposures to attack. AWS Trusted Advisor will highlight pending tasks to be resolved in only performance and cost D. Optimization best practices whilst Amazon Inspector will alert the administrator of security vulnerabilities. Amazon Inspector will highlight pending tasks to be resolved in only performance and cost E. Optimization best practices whilst AWS Trusted Advisor will alert the administrator of security vulnerabilities.
19~m~Why does it take between 24 to 48 hours for changes made to a hosted zone in Amazon Routes3 to reflect globally? A. AWS Name Servers need between 24 to 48 hours to create record sets, update their respective values and process changes. B. DNS resolvers around the world can only reflect the changes in their cache after the Time To Live (TTL) has expired, it is 24 hours by default. C. AWS Name Servers around the world update thelr cache in tanclem, it takes between 24 hours to 48 hours for the process to complete. D. If changes to the hosted zone are made in the same AWS Region as the DNS resolver, it can take between 6 to 12 hours.
20~m~Which of the following Amazon Web Services can be referred to as a serverless service? (Select three). A. AWS Lambda B. Elastic Load Balancing C. AWS cloudg D. Amazon DynamoDB
21~m~Your development team is planning to host a development environment on the cloud. This consists of EC2 and RDS instances. This environment will probably only be required for 2 months. Which types of instances would you use for this purpose? A. On-demand B. Spot C. Reserved D. Dedicated Hosts
22~m~Why is Amazon DynamoDB service best-suited for implementation in mobile, Internet of Things (loT) and gaming applications? A. DynamoDB is a fully-managed database instance with no infrastructure overheads B. DynamobB has a flexible data model and single-digit millisecond latency C. Whilst in operation, DynamoDB instances are spread across at least three geographically distinct centers, AWS Regions D. DynamoDB supports eventual and strongly consistent reads
23~m~Your company is planning to use the AWS Cloud. But there is a management decision that resources need to split department wise. And the decision is tending towards managing multiple AWS accounts. Which of the following would help in effective management and also provide an efficient costing model. A. Aws organizations B. Amazon Dev Pay C. AWS Trusted Advisor D. AWS Cost Explorer
24~m~Which of the following services allows you to distribute load across multiple EC2 Instances? A. AWS Autoscaling B. AWws Elastic Load Balancer C. AWS Regions D. AWS IAM
25~m~You have an application developed in NET. This applications works with the $3 buckets in a particular region The application is hosted on an EC2 Instance. Which of the following should ideally be used to ensure that the EC2 Instance has the appropriate access to the s3 buckets? A. AWS Users B. AWS Groups C. AWS IAM Roles D. Aws IAM Policies
26~m~An ELB instance is configured with the default HealthCheck and Response Timeout intervals as 30 seconds and 5 seconds respectively. How long will it take for an instance within a target group to be labelled as OutOfService, ifit goes down a second after the latest HealthCheck? A. 34 seconds B. 30 seconds C. 3 5seconds D. 4 seconds

27~e~Which of the following helps you set up a logically isolated section of your AWS cloud ? A. AWS Subnets B. AWS VPC C. AWS Regions D. AWS Availability Zones

28~e~A company wants to utilize AWS storage. For them low storage cost is paramount, the data is rarely retrieved, and data retrieval times of several hours are acceptable for them. What is the best storage option to use? A. Amazon Glacier B. Amazon S3 Reduced Redundancy Storage C. EBS backed storage connected to EC2 D. AWS CloudFront

29~e~Which statements regarding VPC Peering is accurate? Select TWO. A. TWo VPCs in different AWS Regions and under separate AWS Accounts can share traffic between each other. B. In order for VPC Peering to work each VPC should have a public subnet. C. In VPC Peering, it is possible for traffic from one VPC to traverse through a transit VPC in order to reach a third VPC. D. Traffic between VPC peers in different AWS Regions is not encrypted by default. E. VPC Peering can be used to replicate data to geographically distinct locations for fault-tolerance, disaster recovery and redundancy

30~e~In the AWS Billing and Management service, which tool can provide usage-based forecasts of estimated billing costs and usage for the coming months? A. Aws cost Explorer B. AWS Bills C. AWS Reports D. Cost & Usage Reports

31~e~In the AWS Billing and Management service, which tool can provide usage-based forecasts of estimated billing costs and usage for the coming months? A. Amazon is responsible for only the physical infrastructure on which the user's data resides. B. Amazon is responsible for the RDS instances, the operating system updates, patching of software and its maintenance C. The user is responsible for the operating system updates, patching of software and its maintenance. D. The user is responsible for the security of the EC2 instances on which the relational database resides.

32~e~A website for an international sports governing body would like to serve its content to viewers from different parts of the world in their vernacular language. Which is the most suitable service that will allow different language versions of the same website to be served, according to where in the world the browser is viewing from. A. Amazon CloudFront B. Content Delivery Network (CDN) C. Amazon Lightsail D. Amazon Route 53
